Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
SUBTITLES BY EXPLOSIVESKULL
[BELL TOLLING]
WE'VE TALKED A LOT SO FAR
ABOUT THE NATURE
OF GOOD STORYTELLING,
BUT JUDGING FROM YOUR STORIES,
IT SEEMS LIKE A LOT OF YOU
ARE JUST FLAPPING
IN THE WIND
WITHOUT A VOICE,
AN INSTRUMENT.
SO HOW DO WE CHANGE THAT?
I KNOW I RESPOND
TO SOMETHING MORE REAL.
MAYBE SOMETHING LIKE
A SPONTANEOUS OVERFLOW
OF EMOTION.
SPOKEN LIKE
A TRUE ROMANTIC.
YOU GIVE ME
TOO MUCH CREDIT.
NO, IF YOU'RE WRITING EMOTIONALLY,
YOU'RE WRITING SELFISHLY.
YOU'RE NOT CONNECTING
WITH YOUR AUDIENCE.
SO, READERS DON'T CONNECT
TO A STORY WITH SOUL?
IS IT A WELL OUTLINED PLOT
YOU MOST RESPOND TO,
OR EMOTION THAT REFLECTS
YOUR OWN HUMAN EXPERIENCE?
WHAT MATTERS
IS WHERE IT COMES FROM.
THAT IT COMES FROM YOU.
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT IS RIGHT,
AND IN THAT WAY,
THE BEST MOMENTS OF WRITING
ARE INSTINCTIVE,
SHOWING WHO WE ARE,
AND WHAT IT IS
WE'RE PROCESSING
FROM A PLACE EACH OUR OWN.
YOU UP FOR SHARING?
THE CHURCH WAS SMALL,
BUT STRONG,
RESTING ALONG THE LOW
COUNTRY BANKS
WHERE MY FATHER
ONCE PREACHED.
ON SUMMER MORNINGS
WE'D HAVE SUNDAY SCHOOL
ALONGSIDE
THE COOLING CREEKS,
LISTENING
TO BIBLE STORIES,
AND SINGING ABOUT
THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE.
I'D SOMETIMES SNEAK AWAY,
BRAVING THE GOLD AND GREEN
MARSH GRASS UP TO MY NECK,
SOFT SUN PEAKING THROUGH
PATCHES OF SPANISH MOSS,
HEAT AND LIGHT UPON MY FACE...
WHAT I IMAGINED GOD FELT LIKE.
BUT AS THE TIDES MOVED OUT,
THAT SUN SHRUNK AWAY
ON THE JOURNEY
OF A SINGLE DAY.
♪ HERE I COME AGAIN,
NOW, BABY ♪
♪ LIKE A DOG IN HEAT ♪
♪ TELL IT'S ME
BY THE CLAMOR, NOW, BABY ♪
♪ I LIKE TO TEAR UP
THE STREET ♪
♪ NOW, I BEEN SMOKIN'
FOR SO LONG ♪
♪ YA KNOW I'M HERE TO STAY ♪
♪ GOT YOU IN
A STRANGLEHOLD, BABY ♪
♪ YOU BEST GET
OUTTA MY WAY ♪
♪ THE ROAD I CRUISE
IS A BITCH, NOW, BABY ♪
♪ YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T
TURN ME ROUND ♪
♪ AND IF A HOUSE
GETS IN MY WAY, BABY ♪
♪ YA KNOW
I'LL BURN IT DOWN ♪
♪ REMEMBER THE NIGHT
THAT YOU LEFT ME? ♪
♪ YOU PUT ME IN MY PLACE ♪
♪ GOT YOU IN
A STRANGLEHOLD, BABY ♪
♪ YOU BETTER TRUST
YOUR FATE ♪
HEY, YOU BOYS WANT SOME OF
THIS WHILE I GOT IT OUT?
WHY DON'T YOU SHUT
THE HELL UP?
WHOO!
YOU READY?
KEEP YOUR PANTIES ON.
HEY!
PICK YOU UP AT 10?
YEAH.
YOU'LL BE THERE, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- HMM, YEAH?
'CAUSE WE NEED YOU.
SHIT.
10.
HE'D BEEN A FRIEND
SINCE SEVENTH GRADE.
BUT MY MOM RETURNED US TO THESE
WATERWAYS OF HER FAMILY.
I GOT CAUGHT CRYING
IN A HALLWAY,
AND HE CHASED THE OTHER
KIDS AWAY AS THEY LAUGHED.
BYE, JOSEPH! WHOO!
A WARRIOR
SUDDENLY AT MY SIDE.
MOST OF THE TIME
I SHUT MYSELF OFF,
DRIFTING BACK
INTO A DARK CLOUD,
A SLOW FALL.
THEY CALLED IT DEPRESSION
AND ASKED IF I WAS HAVING
THOUGHTS ABOUT SUICIDE.
I LIED AND SAID NO.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
NOWHERE.
ALLISON CALLED.
THEY SAID YOU SHOULD
BE THERE BY 8.
THE PAIN IS A CURSE
HANDED DOWN FROM MY FATHER...
LET'S REMEMBER, AS THE BREAD
NOURISHES OUR BODIES AND OUR MINDS,
LET IT NOURISH YOUR SOUL
AND YOUR FAITH.
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING
HE'D NEVER FIND.
BUT AT TIMES, THE PAIN EXPLODES
OUT OF MY MIND AND HAND.
A SWEET RELEASE.
- WHAT UP?
- NOTHING.
I BET YOU $1.99
YOU AIN'T GOT OFF
THAT DAMN COUCH ALL DAY.
ASSHOLE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- NOTHING.
- WHAT DID YOU TAKE?
- IT'S NOTHING.
- DICK, GIVE IT BACK!
- [LAUGHING]
I'M GONNA KICK
YOUR ASS, HOWARD!
RIGHT.
YOU AIN'T GONNA DO SHIT.
[HOWARD YELPS]
♪ I'VE GOT DREAMS ♪
♪ DREAMS TO REMEMBER ♪
JOSEPH, COME IN.
YOU ALL KNOW JOSEPH,
CHARLIE'S LITTLE BROTHER.
YEAH, WHAT'S UP?
COME TO DRINK
ALL OUR BEER AND SPLIT?
WHERE'S CHARLIE?
HE'S IN THE STUDY.
GO FIND HIM.
HE'S BEEN LOOKING FOR YA.
♪ ALL I KNOW
WALKED AWAY AND CRASHED ♪
♪ I'VE GOT DREAMS ♪
QUITE THE CHARMER.
LET HIM BE.
- ♪ I'VE GOT DREAMS ♪
- ♪ ROUGH DREAMS ♪
♪ DREAMS TO REMEMBER ♪
THE ONLY THING
THAT CONFUSES ME
IS HOW YOU GOT
AN INVITE TO MY PARTY.
JOSEPH.
HOW YOU DOIN', BUDDY?
I'M ALL RIGHT.
STAYING IN TROUBLE?
NO.
OH, BULLSHIT.
HEY, LET ME GO SAY HEY
TO SOME PEOPLE.
I'LL CATCH UP WITH YOU
IN A SEC, OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
WHERE'S MY WIFE?
[JOSEPH]
CHARLIE WAS MY HALF BROTHER,
ABANDONED BY MY FATHER
WHEN HE WAS 10.
HE MADE GOOD
BY BEING HIMSELF,
A WIDE SPACE
BETWEEN HIM AND ME.
♪ I STILL LOVE YOU ANYWAY ♪
♪ I DON'T WANT YOU
TO EVER LEAVE ♪
♪ GIRL, YOU JUST SATISFY ME ♪
THAT'S TRUE.
IT'S NOT... IT'S NOT BAD.
YOU SEEM TO HAVE ALL
THE ANSWERS, DON'T YOU?
I'M NOT SAYING I HAVE
ALL THE ANSWERS,
BUT WE'VE ALL HAD
THOSE MOMENTS THAT FEEL RIGHT,
WHERE WE FEEL LIKE
WE'RE AT OUR BEST,
WHERE WE'RE NOT BOGGED DOWN
WITH SELF DOUBT OR FEAR.
YOU KNOW, WHERE WE TRUST
IN THE WORLD AROUND US.
- WHICH IS WHAT?
- FAITH.
STRIVING FOR SOME
SENSE OF HOPE, OF PEACE.
OKAY, THE EAGLE SOARING
THROUGH THE AIR ACHIEVES
BECAUSE OF THREE THINGS...
HIS WINGS, THE WIND,
AND HIS FAITH IN BOTH.
ALL RIGHT, OUR ROLE IS
TO ACCEPT THAT WHO WE ARE
IS ABSOLUTELY
INTEGRAL TO THAT,
AND STOP FIGHTING AGAINST
THIS CONCEPT OF OUR VALUE.
AND TO RECOGNIZE
THAT THE WORLD CANNOT BE
WHAT IT'S DETERMINED TO BE
WITHOUT US AS WE ARE.
WHAT DID YOU THINK, JOE?
I LIKED IT.
SEE THERE? THERE YOU GO.
YOUTH OF AMERICA LIKES IT.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHUCKLING]
[POUNDING AT DOOR]
[POUNDING CONTINUES]
YEAH?
WHAT THE HELL
YOU DOING IN HERE?
NOTHING.
CAR'S IN MY WAY.
FINE. I HAD TO GET
JAY ANYWAY.
YOU BEST GET TO CLEANING
THIS PLACE OUT
- LIKE I KEEP TELLING YOU.
- YEAH, WHATEVER.
WHAT THE HELL DID YOU SAY?
YOU LIVE HERE FOR FREE.
BARELY GOT OUTTA HIGH SCHOOL.
HELL, YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE
A GODDAMN JOB.
YOU STARTIN' TO AMOUNT
TO JACK SHIT, YOU KNOW THAT?
I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU ALWAYS
GIVE ME SUCH A HARD TIME.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT A HARD TIME IS.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
HOW IS YOUR MOM DOING?
- SHE'S OKAY.
- GOOD.
DO YOU WANT SOME OF THIS?
YEAH, SURE.
SO, ARE YOU STILL
THINKING ABOUT SCHOOL?
WHO SAID I WAS
CHARLIE.
YOU SHOULD, YOU KNOW?
YOU'D DO WELL.
♪ TOOK MY DADDY
FOR GRANTED ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I PLAYED HIM
FOR A FOOL ♪
♪ FOUND OUT LATER
THAT I LOVE HIM SO ♪
♪ AFTER BREAKING LOVE'S
GOLDEN RULE ♪
♪ I MAY BE WRONG,
BUT WE CAN GET ALONG ♪
♪ AND I'M GOING BACK
WHERE I BELONG ♪
♪ YOU KNOW I'M GOING BACK
♪ I SAID I'M GOING BACK ♪
♪ MMM, I'M GOING BACK
WHERE I BELONG ♪
I WAS ALONE,
BUT I WOULD ON OCCASION
TAKE COMPANY IN OTHER FOLKS.
NOT THROUGH EASY CONVERSATION
OR EYE CONTACT.
INSTEAD, I'D MAKE UP
STORIES ABOUT THEM,
WHERE THEY CAME FROM,
BASED ON A SIDEWAYS GLANCE...
OR THAT NIGHT,
A LITTLE MORE.
HOW'S IT GOING?
ALL RIGHT.
YOU FROM AROUND HERE?
YEAH.
YOU?
NOT FAR.
YOUR DADDY A PREACHER?
YEAH.
YOU GOT THE HEAD
OF A PREACHER.
THEY WAY IT CURVES WIDE.
HMM.
THE HOLY SPIRIT...
IT LEFT ITS MARK ON YOU.
THE EYE OF GOD...
THERE.
YOU USE THAT SIGHT,
YOU'LL FIND YOUR WAY.
BEST GET TO IT.
I SAW SOMETHING THERE...
A LIGHT.
AN IDEA THAT WOULD LATER
LIVE AND BREATHE...
FORMING LIKE THE CREST
OF A BREAKING WAVE.
A REFLECTION
OF WHAT FLOATS INSIDE.
- FINALLY.
- HMM.
[CHUCKLING]
[COUGHING]
- EASY THERE, TIGER.
- MMM-MMM.
WE GOTTA GET READY SOON.
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
PAY ATTENTION...
AND WE'LL GET PAID.
♪ IT'S SUMMERTIME ♪
[HOWARD] YOU KNOW MY
COUSIN DOWN IN OCRACOKE.
YEAH, HE'S LOUSY
WHEN IT COMES TO DRINKING,
BUT HE SNIFFS OUT
THE HOT SPOTS.
♪ I'M THE KIND
THAT MOVES ON ♪
♪ YOUR DADDY'S RICH ♪
[HOWARD] TOLD ME ABOUT
A LITTLE JUKE JOINT
AROUND THE ISLAND
HE'D BEEN FREQUENTING,
AND WHAT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT WHEN
THEY WAS ALL DRUNK AS HELL.
AND SOME SERIOUS SMOOTHNESS
SHOWED UP WITH A PLAN.
♪ THEN YOU'LL
SPREAD YOUR WINGS ♪
♪ AND YOU'LL TAKE
TO THE SKY ♪
♪ BUT TILL THAT MORNING ♪
♪ THERE AIN'T NOTHIN'
GONNA HARM YOU ♪
♪ YOU GOT YOUR DADDY
AND MOMMY STANDIN' BY ♪
TAX TIME, BABY!
LET'S GO!
[HOWARD] THESE THREE DUDES
COME IN WITH SHOTGUNS
HOLDING THE PLACE UP.
ONE TOOK ON A CASH BOX,
GETTIN' IT ALL EMPTIED OUT.
THE OTHER TWO WATCHED
THE CROWD MAKING SURE
SOME HILLBILLY
DON'T PLAY VIGILANTE.
ANYTHING COME UP,
THEY ALL GET THE HELL OUT.
AND BY THE TIME ANYONE
WAS SOBER ENOUGH
TO REALIZE WHAT THE HELL
WAS HAPPENING,
THEY WAS LONG GONE.
TURNS OUT THEY'VE BEEN HITTING
JOINTS ALL OVER THE COAST,
STEALING DRUNK FOLKS' MONEY
WHILE THEY WAS TOO DRUNK
TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
AND THOSE FOLKS SURE AS HELL
WON'T CALL IN THE POKEY.
HELL, THEY'D BUST UP
THE STILLS
AND SHUT HER DOWN
IN TWO SHAKES.
WOULDN'T GIVE
A RAT'S ASS PAST THAT.
SO, THEY JUST KEPT
ON MOVING,
HIDING IN THE BANKS,
THE CRANNIES.
ALL ANYBODY KNEW WAS
IT WAS THREE BLACK FELLAS,
SMART AS HELL,
QUIET AS A PACK
OF CHURCH MICE.
LEGENDS.
♪ NOW, HUSH, LITTLE BABY,
DON'T YOU CRY ♪
♪ YOU JUST HUSH, LITTLE BABY,
AND DON'T YOU CRY ♪
[SNIFFING]
- IT SMELLS LIKE PUSSY.
- MM-HMM.
[LAUGHING, COUGHING]
THIS SHIT'S SERIOUS, MAN.
WHAT, YOU THINK
I DON'T KNOW THAT?
AIN'T GONNA DO JACK SHIT.
HOW MUCH YOU THINK
WE'D GET?
ENOUGH.
MY MAN.
UH, UH, UH, UH!
WHAT?
[HOWARD]
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
YOU LOOK FUNNY.
[LAUGHING]
YEAH?
WELL, HUCKLEBERRY HERE
IS GONNA SAVE YOUR ASS.
- SHIT.
- SHIT, NOTHIN'.
SICK AND TIRED OF BUSTING
MY ASS TO BUY A SIX PACK.
ABOUT TO CHANGE THAT SHIT.
BE A MAN ABOUT IT.
PUFF IT OUT A LITTLE BIT.
- ESPECIALLY YOU.
- HMM?
THAT SHIT YOU WRITE.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I SEE WHAT YOU DO.
YOU DON'T WANNA TELL ME,
AIN'T NO SKIN OFF MY ASS.
FOLKS LOOK AT ME,
THEY LOOK AT MY POPS,
AND THEY FIGURE THAT'S
ALL THEY EVER GONNA GET,
A PUNK-ASS BRAWLER.
BUT YOU...
YOU'RE DIFFERENT.
♪ HOW COULD IT ALL
GO WRONG ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT HURTS ME
DEEP INSIDE ♪
♪ FEEL I'VE BEEN TAKEN
FOR A RIDE ♪
♪ I GOT NOTHIN' LEFT TO HIDE ♪
STEP IT UP, JACK.
HMM?
[JOSEPH] WE WEREN'T
GONNA HURT ANYONE.
GUN WASN'T EVEN LOADED.
COURAGE WAS HIS WEAPON.
LET'S GO.
[MAN BELCHES]
PERFECT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
LOOK, NO SECOND THOUGHTS.
JUST GET IN THERE AND DO IT.
TWO MINUTES FROM NOW
WE'RE GONNA BE ON OUR WAY.
[BREATHING LOUDLY]
PUT 'EM ON.
♪ I'M GOIN' WHERE
THE COLD WIND GOES ♪
♪ WHERE THE SUN
DON'T EVER SHINE ♪
♪ I'LL BE SHIVERING
THE WHOLE NIGHT THROUGH ♪
♪ MY GIRL,
DON'T YOU LIE TO ME ♪
DON'T MOVE!
FILL IT!
GOD DAMN IT!
COME ON!
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THAT'S IT.
WHAT THE HELL?
I'M SORRY.
IF ANYBODY ASKS,
THE NAME'S LEROY.
COME ON! COME ON!
COME ON!
[HOWARD LAUGHING]
[BREATHING LOUDLY]
♪ BLACK ♪
♪ IS THE COLOR
OF MY TRUE LOVE'S HAIR ♪
♪ HIS FACE SO SOFT
AND WONDROUS PALE ♪
♪ THE PUREST EYES ♪
♪ AND THE STRONGEST HANDS ♪
♪ I LOVE THE GROUND
ON WHERE HE STANDS ♪
♪ BLACK ♪
♪ IS THE COLOR ♪
♪ OF MY TRUE LOVE'S HAIR ♪
♪ OF MY TRUE ♪
♪ LOVE'S HAIR ♪
♪ OH, I LOVE ♪
♪ MY LOVER ♪
♪ AND WELL HE KNOWS ♪
♪ YES, I LOVE THE GROUND
ON WHERE HE GOES ♪
♪ AND STILL I HOPE ♪
♪ THAT THE TIME WILL COME ♪
♪ WHEN HE AND I
WILL BE AS ONE ♪
♪ OH, BLACK ♪
♪ IS THE COLOR ♪
♪ OF MY TRUE LOVE'S HAIR ♪
♪ OF MY TRUE ♪
♪ LOVE'S HAIR ♪
[GUNSHOT]
THAT'S YOUR MEMORY?
AND NOW?
I KNOW WHAT IT FEELS LIKE
TO BE DEPRESSED.
MM-HMM, BUT YOU HAVE SOMETHING
HE PROBABLY DIDN'T HAVE.
WHAT'S THAT?
YOUR IMAGINATION.
[JOSEPH] IN RESPONSE TO THIS
MEMORY, A STORY CAME TO ME
OF A QUIET MAN
WITH UNSEEN STRENGTH.
HIS HORN, HIS VOICE,
LIKE THE SONG
THAT CAME FROM ME...
SEEKING A HOME,
A PLACE IN THIS WORLD.
HOLY, SHIT!
DUDE, THERE'S LIKE
A THOUSAND BUCKS BACK HERE!
SEE, WHAT DID I TELL YOU, HUH?
MAYBE YOU AIN'T SUCH
A DUMB-ASS AFTER ALL.
- WHOO!
- [LAUGHING]
THAT WAS MESSED UP
WHEN THAT GUY PULLED THAT GUN.
THAT FREAKED ME OUT.
YOU SAW IT HAPPEN,
DIDN'T YA?
LOOK, MAN,
YOU GOTTA SPEAK UP.
ALL RIGHT, THAT COULD
HAVE BEEN BAD.
WHOA-HA-HA-HA-HA!
♪ LOOK AWAY, LOOK AWAY ♪
♪ MY FATHER ONCE DID ♪
♪ GO AWAY TO RETURN ♪
GOOD, HE'S HERE.
[ALAN]
RUSTY!
- THIS PLACE IS A DUMP.
- A FUCKIN' RAGER.
RUSTY?
- HE'S SLEEPING.
- NO SHIT.
[RUSTY SNORING]
OH, WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
I THINK IT'S PISS.
RUST! RUSTY!
[CHUCKLING]
IS HE ALIVE?
[SNORING]
- TWO.
- THREE.
I GOT IT.
WHAT UP, BUDDY?
YEAH, TAKE A SHOWER,
YOU STINK-ASS!
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU GUYS?
HOW THE HELL YOU BEEN?
GOOD.
I'M GOOD, YOU KNOW.
YOU PACKIN'?
MAN, THAT BETTER NOT BE
THE ONLY REASON
YOU COME TO SEE ME.
OF COURSE, IT AIN'T.
I LOVE ME SOME RUSSELL.
YEAH, RIGHT.
WHAT YOU GOT?
YOU'LL LIKE THIS.
GOOD STUFF?
IT'S THE TWO F'S OF "STUFF."
GET YOUR FEET OFF MY COUCH.
HELL, YEAH!
LOOK, IT'S OVER AN OUNCE.
ONLY 'CAUSE YOUR BOY HERE
IS SUCH A BAD-ASS.
USUALLY, THERE'S
A CEILING ON THIS SHIT.
OUNCE OF THAT SHIT, TOO.
SURE YOU GOT THIS
KINDA DOUGH?
YEAH, I'VE BEEN WORKING.
HEY, DO YOU STILL HANG OUT
WITH THAT CHICK?
WHAT'S HER NAME?
- LYDIA.
- YEAH, THAT'S IT.
YOU ALL STILL TALK?
- NO, IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
- SMART MOVE, MAN.
THAT CHICK...
SHE GOT ELEPHANTITIS
AND SHIT.
- THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
- YEAH? SHE AIN'T THAT BAD.
HER BELLY BUTTON'S SO BIG
YOU COULD EAT OATMEAL OUT OF IT.
AND GET YOUR FEET OFF MY COUCH!
DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU TWICE?
DO YOU WANT ME
TO WRITE IT DOWN FOR YOU?
WHAT ABOUT 'SHROOMS?
YOU WANT SOME OF THOSE, TOO?
[PHONE RINGING]
SOMEBODY GET
THE TELEPHONE, PLEASE?
[WHISTLES]
HEY!
YOU THE BRAINS BEHIND
THIS OPERATION?
[ALL LAUGHING]
NOT HARDLY.
[RUSSELL]
YOU DON'T TALK MUCH,
BUT, UH, WHO ELSE WOULD YOU
RATHER RIDE WITH?
- WHOO!
- HEY, YOU WATCH YOUR NECK.
ALL RIGHT?
SEE YOU SOON.
- [ENGINE REVVING]
- SOONER THAN LATER.
[HOWARD]
WHOO!
DUMB-ASSES.
MAN, THAT GUY'S
COOL AS HELL.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW HIM?
HE'S KINDA LAYING LOW.
HOW COME?
IT WAS ABOUT A YEAR AGO,
RUSTY CONVINCED ME TO GO SEE
SOME CHICK, TO HIS BEACH.
HE WAS DRUNK AS HELL
WHEN HE PICKED ME UP.
AND THREE HOURS LATER,
WE WAS BOTH GONE.
HEY! HOWDY.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHERE...
YOU KNOW WHERE
"IT'LL DO" IS?
- [LAUGHING]
- EXCUSE ME?
"IT'LL DO?"
IT'S MY GIRL'S PLACE.
SON, I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT,
BUT I SUGGEST YOU MOVE ON.
- WELL, I SUGGEST YOU...
- OH, GREAT.
- THANKS FOR NOTHIN'.
- MM-HMM.
YOU GONNA LET HER
TALK TO YOU LIKE THAT?
YOU KNOW WHAT? NO.
HEY!
THAT'S RIGHT, SEE?
I KNOW YOU KNOW THIS PLACE.
WHAT PLACE IS THAT?
MY GIRL'S HOUSE, YOU BITCH.
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
HEY, WHERE'S THE ACID?
[WOMAN]
WATCH IT.
[HOWARD] RUSTY HAD
BROUGHT A SHEET OF ACID
TO SHARE WITH THE GIRLS.
NOW, HE DIDN'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO WITH IT,
SO HE DID WHAT ANY CLEAR
THINKING DRUNK WOULD DO.
HE SHOVED THEM UP HIS ASS.
[JAIL DOORS SQUEAKING]
- [DOORS SHUT]
- [WOMAN] ENJOY YOURSELF.
THEY NEVER FOUND THE HITS,
SO THEY JUST LEFT HIM ALONE
TO SLEEP IT OFF,
BUT HE WASN'T DOIN'
MUCH SLEEPIN'.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
WHAT YOU WRITIN'?
- NOTHIN'.
- HMM? WHAT YOU WRITIN' OVER HERE?
WHAT IS THIS? YOU GONNA LET
ME GRAB IT LIKE THAT, HUH?
[LAUGHING]
- COME ON!
- I DON'T KNOW.
JUST STUFF.
[LAUGHING]
THAT'S FASCINATING.
STUFF.
♪ YOU SAID ON YOUR LETTER ♪
♪ THE OTHER DAY ♪
♪ YOU DON'T CARE ♪
♪ IF I CRIME DON'T PAY ♪
♪ YOU GOT MY GIRL ♪
♪ NOW YOU DONE HER WRONG ♪
OOH! HEY!
HEY, BABY!
YOUR MAMA LET YOU DATE?
WHY DON'T YOU
GET BIT, ASSWIPE?
[GIBBERING]
NOW THAT'S A PIECE OF ASS.
WHOA, DUDE,
WHO LET SHAMU OUT?
YEAH, MAYBE SHE'D LET YOU BEND
HER LIKE A SUITCASE, HUH?
- DOUBTFUL. DOUBTFUL.
- ♪ YOU GOT ME IN MISERY ♪
♪ THE FBI ♪
♪ IS ON YOUR TRAIL ♪
♪ ELLIOT NESS ♪
♪ WON'T LET YOU REST ♪
♪ HAVE GUN WILL TRAVEL ♪
♪ IS IN MY PAY ♪
♪ HE SWEARS TO GET YOU ♪
♪ IF IT TAKES ALL DAY ♪
YEAH, I'M GOOD.
[LAUGHING]
♪ ROUTE 66 ♪
♪ IS IN THE RACE ♪
♪ PERRY MASON ♪
♪ WILL TAKE MY CASE ♪
A-WASTIN' TIME.
[BOY] YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
WHATEVER.
[LAUGHING]
[BOYS LAUGHING]
[GIRL] LOOK, I JUST GOT A SINGLE.
THIS IS GOOD.
[GIRL 2] I MEAN, YEAH,
THAT'S A GOOD IMPROVEMENT.
- I JUST...
- OH, YEAH.
- HE SAW ME LOOKING.
- [BOTH LAUGHING]
WAY TO GO.
HOW'S IT GOING?
WHAT?
NOTHING.
I'M ALAN.
WHAT?
THE NAME'S ALAN.
HEY, ALAN.
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
NOTHING MUCH, ALAN.
- I'M REBECCA.
- I'M ASIA.
[JOSEPH] MY PLACE OF PEACE
WAS ALWAYS THE WATER,
WHERE THE LOUD BUZZ OF FEAR
AND DOUBT WASHED AWAY,
AND ALL THAT REMAINED WAS ME,
PURE AS A SIMPLE STORY.
[TRUMPET MUSIC]
HIS HORN WAS A GIFT,
BEATS OF GRACE
THAT SPRUNG FORTH
LIKE A FOUNTAIN...
SOARING OVER
A SALTWATER CREEK...
MADE CLOSER TO THE OCEAN
WITH EACH STRIDE.
BUT WHEN THE LAST NOTE
DRIFTED DOWN AND THEN AWAY,
HE WAS LEFT WITH
THE SAME DRY SORROW
WHERE FEAR LURKED,
AND TOUCH WAS COLD
AS MIDNIGHT.
IN THOSE SMALL HOURS,
HE'D LOOK UP INTO A BLACK SEA
DOTTED WITH STARS
LIKE LANTERNS ON A FOGGY SHORE
LIT FOR THE LOST FISHERMAN.
FIX ME.
[TRUMPET MUSIC CONTINUES]
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, I DO. DUDE,
THERE'S NO SHAKING THE HABIT.
WHATEVER.
OH, ARE YOU...
- CUTE.
- OH, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
- WHOA.
- WHAT?
WATCH IT, PUNK.
SORRY.
YEAH, YOU'RE DAMN STRAIGHT
YOU'RE SORRY.
I OUGHTA BEAT YOUR ASS.
LITTLE FAGGOT.
[BOY LAUGHING]
♪ SAVE ME A SEAT
ON THE CAROUSEL ♪
♪ PLAY ME AN OLD SONG
THAT WE LOVE SO WELL ♪
♪ WE'LL KEEP ON RIDING
AROUND AND AROUND ♪
♪ LIVING OUR LIFE'S
UPS AND DOWNS ♪
♪ ALL OF THE CHANGES
LIFE PUTS US THROUGH ♪
♪ DAMNED IF WE DON'T ♪
♪ DAMNED IF WE DO ♪
♪ BUT I REMAIN HOPEFUL
AND EACH NIGHT I PRAY ♪
♪ THE GOOD LORD
WILL FIND A WAY ♪
LOOK AT YA, A COUPLE
OF SORRY SONS OF BITCHES.
[ALAN BABBLING]
DUDE, GET OUTTA MY FACE.
LET'S GO.
[HOWARD]
WHERE WE GOING?
[ALAN]
IT'S GONNA RAIN.
[HOWARD, IMITATING]
FUCKIN' WEATHER MAN
OVER THERE.
[HOWARD SIGHING]
KEEPIN' DRY?
MY WHISTLE
SURE AS HELL IS.
WHAT CAN I GET Y'ALL?
THREE SHOTS OF BOURBON.
[THUNDER ROLLING]
[LIGHTNING CRASHING]
Y'ALL GET YOURSELF ONE, TOO.
I CAN DO THAT.
TO THE BARKEEP.
WHOO!
LET'S DO THIS!
- Y'ALL SET?
- THINK SO.
KEEP 'EM COMING.
♪ OH, MR. BOLGER STRAPS ♪
♪ A GUN AND HOLSTER ♪
♪ SHININ' SILVER SHOOTER ♪
♪ CAUSE HE DON'T
PLAY GAMES ♪
♪ WITH HIS PLAY-DOH
PINK NOSE ♪
♪ AND HIS STRAW
WOVEN CLOTHES ♪
♪ ALL THE NEIGHBORS,
WELL THEY KNOW ♪
♪ HE AIN'T GOT NO BRAIN ♪
♪ OH, MR. BOLGER STRAP ♪
♪ A GUN AND HOLSTER ♪
♪ SHININ' SILVER SHOOTER ♪
OH, HEY...
WHERE THE HELL
ARE YOU GOING?
I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE.
UH-UH, WE, UH... WE HAVE
TO FINISH THIS WHISKEY.
UH-UH.
I CAN'T DRINK THAT.
YEAH, YOU CAN.
I DON'T WANT IT.
AW, JOSEPH,
QUIT BEING A PUSSY.
YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE.
I'M THE ASSHOLE, HMM?
THAT'S RICH.
YOU'RE A STRANGE LITTLE BITCH
NEVER TALKS TO NOBODY.
I NEVER SEEN YOU
WITH A CHICK,
NEVER SEEN YOU
WITH ANYBODY.
YOU'RE JUST LUCKY HOWARD AND I
LET YOU HANG OUT WITH US.
FUCK YOU!
I'M NOTHING.
YOU DONE?
WAS THAT SO BAD, HUH?
[NO AUDIO]
WHERE DID YOU COME FROM?
SAME PLACE YOU GOIN'.
THIS IS ALL A GIFT,
A GUIDE TO YOUR TRUTH,
AS REAL AS THIS HERE
SAND AND SEA.
WHAT IS?
MY STORY.
THE ONE YOU SEEK.
[ALAN SIGHING]
HEY, MAN.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
[GROANING]
I'M FINE.
WHERE'S J?
HUH.
NO IDEA.
HEY, MAN, YOU WANNA
GET OUTTA HERE?
WE NEED SOME WOMEN.
GOOD LUCK.
YOU LOOK LIKE SHIT.
[CHUCKLING]
I STILL GET MORE ASS
THAN AN ASHTRAY.
YEAH, RIGHT.
HEY.
♪ SUMMER DAYS WERE JUST
A MAGAZINE ♪
- HOW'S IT GOIN'?
- GOOD.
HOW ARE YOU?
♪ CUTTING GRASS
FOR GASOLINE ♪
I'M FINE.
STAY CLEAR.
SHE SWOONED
FOR THE MOON.
ALWAYS BE HERE.
WHAT WAS THAT?
JUST SOMETHING I WROTE.
"SWOONED FOR THE MOON."
YOU'RE SWEET.
♪ I DON'T NEED
YOUR LOVE NO MORE ♪
THERE SHE IS.
OH, SHIT.
SHE'S SMOKING.
LET'S GO TALK TO HER.
ALL RIGHT.
HEY.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
JUST HANGIN'.
[HOWARD]
Y'ALL SHOULD GO WITH US.
[ASIA]
WHERE?
[ALAN]
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
WHAT'S UP, CHIEF?
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME?
YOU COMING?
OH, WHERE YOU GOING?
THAT'S REALLY NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
I'M ABOUT TO MAKE IT
SOME OF MY BUSINESS.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
YOU PICKED THAT
UP AT PLAYSCHOOL, HMM?
NO, WE GOT NO PLACE
FOR YOU HERE.
WHY DON'T YOU GET
YOUR ASS BACK HOME?
AND WHY DON'T YOU
WALK YOUR ASS BACK
WITH YOUR LITTLE CRONIES
BEFORE YOU FIND YOURSELF
IN A SITUATION
YOU CAN'T HANDLE?
- IS THAT RIGHT?
- YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU KEEP PUSHING,
I'M GONNA LAY YOUR ASS OUT.
WHATEVER, MAN.
YOU COMING?
[JOSEPH] A DEEP SILENCE
OVERTOOK THE PLAIN...
FILLING HIS HEART
WITH COMFORT.
HE WAS HOME,
PROTECTED BY THE GREAT OAKS
THAT LORDED OVER HIM...
ENTRUSTED WITH A FLOCK
TO PASTURE,
PLANTERS AND CRAFTSMEN
TREKKING TO HEAR HIM
SPEAK AND SING EACH
SUNLIT SUNDAY MORNING.
BUT DARKER WATERS
LAY YET ANOTHER TEST.
THE YOUNGEST SON
OF A HUMBLE MAID,
CAUGHT IN THE PURSE LINE
OF HIS DADDY'S SHRIMP BOAT.
WHAT WORLD WOULD ALLOW
SUCH PAIN?
LET'S GO.
OKAY.
HEY, BITCHES! WAIT UP!
[JOSEPH] WHAT DARK HEART OF
GOD LAY SHADOW TO THIS STORY?
[PREACHER] I THINK WE'RE ALL
PROBABLY FEELING THE SAME THING.
AND THERE'S NEVER
GONNA BE ANY COMFORT...
AND A LOVE
OUT THERE FROM GOD,
BUT NOWHERE ELSE...
TO LIGHTEN THE LOAD.
[GROANING]
WHEN WE...
WE STOP AND BE STILL...
AND WE KNOW
THAT AIN'T QUITE RIGHT.
[GRUNTING]
SEE, ALL THIS...
[CHUCKLING]
THIS IS BORN...
FROM SOME STRANGE,
DEEP-SEATED LOVE...
SOME GENTLE HAND THAT...
THAT KNOWS!
AND WANTS WHAT'S
BEST FOR US!
WHEN FEAR AND DOUBT
COMES DOWN,
WE SHOULDN'T
BE RUNNING FROM IT.
WE SHOULDN'T COWER TO THAT
RAGING BEAST WE CALL THE DEVIL.
WE SHOULD BE
BEATING IT BACK,
DESTROYING IT,
WITH THE ONE
WEAPON WE HAVE:
FAITH.
[GROANING]
WITHOUT FEAR,
AIN'T NO COURAGE.
WITHOUT PAIN,
NO STRENGTH!
WITHOUT DOUBTS,
NO TRUST.
WE ARE ALL PUT
ON A PATH TO DO BETTER
IN THE WAKE OF ALL
THAT'S NOT.
OH, SHIT.
[MOANING]
WILL AND WEAKNESS,
AND JOY AND PAIN!
CARRYING STRENGTH...
TO DRY MOUTHS
AND PARCHED LIPS...
LIKE WATER IN A DESERT.
AND LIKE THE BRIGHTEST STARS
IN THE DARKEST NIGHT,
SOME GOOD
WILL COME FROM THIS!
FROM ALL THIS!
NOW, GO ON, BOY.
GO ON AND BE FREE.
BE FREE.
[MOANING]
[ALAN LAUGHING]
DAMN STRAIGHT.
YEAH, LOOK AT HER.
SO WHAT NOW?
WHERE YOU GOING?
HOME.
GUESS WE'RE LEAVING.
[JOSEPH] THE ROAD IS LONG,
WITH A LOT OF BENDS,
MAPPED IN A WAY
WE'RE NOT MEANT TO SEE,
SHIFTS THAT CHANGE
EVERYTHING WE KNOW.
I COULD BE STRONG.
I WASN'T USELESS.
IT WAS BETTER
WHEN I WASN'T ALONE.
[ALAN]
JOSEPH. JOSEPH.
JOSEPH!
WHERE ARE WE?
JOSEPH'S STAYING
AT HIS BROTHER'S.
WHATEVER.
JUST GET ME HOME.
I'M SORRY.
[KISSES]
YOU BE GOOD.
I WILL.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER, BROTHER.
WHEN DID YOU SNEAK IN?
JUST A LITTLE WHILE AGO.
I HOPE THAT'S OKAY.
[CHARLIE] OH, OF COURSE.
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
CAN I SHOW YOU SOMETHING?
[JOSEPH] I RELEASED IT
FOR THE FIRST TIME,
MY OWN MEAGER SONG
OF MY OWN SIMPLE JOURNEY.
A MARCH TO COURAGE,
WARRIORS AT MY SIDE.
HOWARD STARTED WORKING
ON ONE OF THE HORSE FARMS
ON JOHNS ISLAND.
HE MET A SWEET GIRL THERE,
A FREE SPIRIT
WHO LIKED HIM.
THEY SETTLED TOGETHER
AT HER FAMILY'S OLD HOUSE
ON THE RIVER
WHERE SHE PAINTS OLD BOTTLES
AND SCRAPS OF DRIFTWOOD
AND SELLS THEM
AT A LOCAL GALLERY.
MOST NIGHTS THEY SMOKE
A J BEFORE DINNER,
AND AFTER A FEW BEERS,
SKINNY DIP
OFF THE RIVER SHORE.
ALAN BECAME A RIGGER
ON ONE OF THE CARGO SHIPS
WE USED TO WATCH FLOAT BY.
ABOUT EIGHT MONTHS AGO,
HE'D GO FROM A DECK 50 FEET UP
TO SAVE A FALLEN SAILOR,
THEN HELD TIGHT
THE UNCONSCIOUS BODY
WHILE THE WAVES
BEAT THEM BOTH.
THE MAN LIVED.
ALAN WAS MADE THIRD MATE.
HE BOUGHT A SMALL CABIN
ON ONE OF THE MARSH RIVERS
THAT USED TO BIND US,
RETURNING THERE
EVERY TIME THEY HIT PORT,
FLOATING WITH THE RISE
AND FALL OF TIDAL CREEKS.
I IMAGINED HE MIGHT WATCH ME
WITH PRIDE FROM THAT PERCH,
BECAUSE GONE ARE THE DAYS
OF THE SORT OF FEAR
THAT CUT ME AT THE KNEES.
IT BEGAN WITH THAT BOLD KISS
UNDER A COMFORT MOON
FROM THE FIRST PERSON
I SHARED MY WRITING WITH.
AND DESPITE
ALL MY DOUBT,
THOSE WORDS DIDN'T
STRIKE ME DOWN.
THEY WOULD RETURN
TO ME TENFOLD,
WITH MOMENTS OF CONNECTION
THAT BROUGHT BACK THAT WARMTH...
THAT BORN AGAIN FEELING
OF THE SUN ON MY FACE.
IT'S ROUGH,
NEEDS SOME WORK.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
IT'S WHO I AM.
THE EXPERIENCES
THAT CHANGED ME.
WELL, YOU'LL HAVE
PLENTY OF THOSE.
THOSE ARE BLESSINGS
THAT CAME WITH A VOICE.
NOW USE IT.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
- HE'S GOT NOTHIN'.
- NO, MAN, HE'S GREAT.
HEY, JOSEPH!
HEY, WAIT UP.
HEY, WAS ALL THAT REAL?
REAL TO ME.
IT'S A GOOD ANSWER.
HEY, LET'S GO
GRAB A BEER.
CAN'T.
GOTTA MEET SOMEONE.
♪ THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ OH, THIS LITTLE
LIGHT OF MINE ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ THIS LITTLE
LIGHT OF MINE ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ GONNA LET IT SHINE
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
- ♪ EVERYWHERE I GO ♪
- ♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
SUBTITLES BY EXPLOSIVESKULL
- ♪ EVERYWHERE I GO ♪
- ♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
[MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
[MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
[MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ OH,
ALL IN MY HOME ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ OH,
ALL IN MY HOME ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ ALL IN MY HOME ♪
- ♪ GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
- ♪ LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ JESUS GAVE ME LIGHT ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ OH, THIS LITTLE
LIGHT OF MINE ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ THIS LITTLE
LIGHT OF MINE ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ THIS LITTLE
LIGHT OF MINE, YEAH ♪
♪ I'M GONNA LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE
LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE,
♪ LET IT SHINE, LET IT SHINE,
LET IT SHINE ♪
[MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ YEAH, WE USED TO BE LOST ♪
♪ AND DOWNHEARTED ♪
♪ SCARED AND BEATEN ♪
♪ BEFORE WE EVEN GOT STARTED ♪
♪ IT TOOK SOME TIME
BUT A CHANGE HAS COME ♪
♪ AND NOW THOSE LONG
DARK DAYS ARE GONE ♪
♪ AND I SING HALLELUJAH
I DO BELIEVE THIS HAPPENED ♪
♪ WE'RE ALMOST TO THE TOP
OF THE MOUNTAIN ♪
♪ YES, SO BROTHERS
AND SISTERS ♪
♪ LIFT YOUR VOICES,
CLAP YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ BECAUSE WE AIN'T FAR
FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
[MAN] SO WHAT YOU GOT TO
SAY, EDWIN AND DARIUS?
♪ OH, FOR WAY TOO LONG ♪
♪ ALL THE SEASONS WERE COLD ♪
♪ NO MATTER HOW WE PRAYED ♪
♪ NOTHING EVER WOULD GROW ♪
♪ BUT WE NEVER GAVE UP ♪
♪ NEVER STOPPED BELIEVING ♪
♪ SOME DAY SOME WAY SOME HOW
WE'D BE SAVED AGAIN ♪
♪ HALLELUJAH
I DO BELIEVE IT'S HAPPENING ♪
♪ WE'RE ALMOST TO THE TOP
OF THE MOUNTAIN ♪
♪ YES, SO BROTHERS
AND SISTERS ♪
♪ LIFT YOUR VOICES
CLAP YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ CAUSE WE AIN'T FAR
FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
♪ THE PROMISED LAND ♪
♪ SOME FOLKS WILL NEVER
CLIMB THIS HIGH ♪
♪ BUT THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE
THEY TAKE A LITTLE TIME ♪
♪ AND NOW THAT WE HAVE
FINALLY MADE IT HERE ♪
♪ I THINK WE'RE BOUND TO STAY
FOR YEARS AND YEARS ♪
♪ YES, WE WILL
SO LISTEN ♪
♪ HALLELUJAH
I DO BELIEVE IT'S HAPPENING ♪
♪ WE'RE ALMOST TO THE TOP
OF THE MOUNTAIN ♪
♪ YES, SO BROTHERS
AND SISTERS ♪
♪ LIFT YOUR VOICES
CLAP YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ BECAUSE WE AIN'T FAR
NO WE AIN'T FAR ♪
♪ WE AIN'T FAR
FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND
♪ I CAN SEE IT
I CAN SEE IT ♪
- ♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
- ♪ TAKE ME UP ♪
- ♪ NO, WE AIN'T FAR ♪
- ♪ WE AIN'T FAR ♪
♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
♪ NO, WE AIN'T FAR ♪
- ♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
- ♪ NO, NO, NO, NO ♪
- ♪ WELL IT USED TO BE LONG ♪
- ♪ OH, SO LONG ♪
- ♪ THERE'S BEEN HEARTACHE ♪
♪ THERE BEEN BEATINGS ♪
- ♪ BUT WE NEVER GOT STARTED ♪
- ♪ WE NEVER GOT STARTED ♪
- ♪ NOT NO MORE ♪
- ♪ NOT NOT NO MORE ♪
- ♪ FROM THE PROMISED LAND ♪
- ♪ NOT NO MORE ♪
♪ NOT NO MORE ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org